Fix instructions and add Datadog Extension details (#30874)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/opentelemetry/getting_started/otel_demo_to_datadog.md

{{< img src="/getting_started/opentelemetry/otel_demo/error_tracking.png" alt="Error tracking view showing error PaymentService Fail Feature Flag Enabled" style="width:90%;" >}}

### OpenTelemetry Collector Configuration

The Datadog Extension allows you to view OpenTelemetry Collector configuration within Datadog on either one of the following pages:

> 1. [Infrastructure List](https://app.datadoghq.com/infrastructure).
> 2. [Resource Catalog](https://app.datadoghq.com/infrastructure/catalog).

Reviewer: Moving these URLs to reference-style links at the bottom of the page.
```suggestion
- [Infrastructure List][14].
- [Resource Catalog][15].
```

> When selecting the hostname where the Collector is running you will be able to visualize its full configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When selecting the hostname where the Collector is running, you can visualize its full configuration:
```

[10]: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/demo/#language-feature-reference
[11]: https://app.datadoghq.com/services
[12]: http://localhost:8080/feature

> [13]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/opentelemetry/integrations/datadog_extension/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[13]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/opentelemetry/integrations/datadog_extension/
[14]: https://app.datadoghq.com/infrastructure
[15]: https://app.datadoghq.com/infrastructure/catalog
```
